said their communal cuff since you have
the pointers at all just like okay like
I know we've never made a video like
this this is literally the first time
what we set up a tripod and had to
explain something really serious we're
not going to jump out of the couch like
the other one this is pretty serious
don't look for cues of that acting here
because it's all real this is a serious
issue that affects our ability to
whether we'll be able to stay in this
country or not and that's what we want
to talk to you about today so about a
year ago when we moved here to Los
Angeles from Canada we were trying to
look for the right visa that will allow
us to be here and do and do the work
that we're supposed to do
working with snapchat and the brothers
Channel and when we look for all our
options we just realized that the IV's
that was the way to go which basically
allows a foreign company to sponsor us
to be in the u.s. we've been here on
this visa for about a year and our
lawyer recommended that we switch it now
that we are sort of expanding in our
activities and our and our production
and we just wanted something that can
potentially lead to residency in the
u.s. that's why we went for this other
type of visa called e 2 which is
investor status that was basically nine
months of work summarized in about a
hundred and fifty pages of application
paperwork each and so if you're not
familiar with these E's and eyes might
sound confusing there's a few different
ways you can come to the US and it's
incredibly incredibly hard so this is
something that's been kind of like a
looks like a dark shadow over our lives
for the past year like some days it's
just led to us to not being able to
shoot a video at all because we were
just like so just so lost in terms of
like if we don't even know if we can
stay here it's just really hard to want
to be happy and go outside and do all
these things and so it's something that
we've never shown on camera before
because we just don't feel like it's
necessary or that you guys really care
about that we try to make sure that the
channel stays positive it's just
something that's been really important
and we were really really really hoping
not to have to make this video
explaining that we got our visas turn
down our new visa applications and
that's again over 300 pages of paperwork
for our for the three of our
applications over 25
thousand dollars in legal and accounting
fees pretty much draining all the
savings that we've made over the past
few years of our lives and YouTube
doesn't really pay much like our ad
revenue has been what like one fifth one
we're not allowed to say exactly how
much money we made but I think we can
say that this month we made less than
seven hundred dollars and it cost us
25,000 dollars to get these visas that
we literally just got turned down which
means meant that all of this money
pretty much goes down the drain
not to mention that we have to get
another lawyer to start a new process to
calculate it would take about three and
a half years if we were relying on
YouTube just to pay for this visa that
we just got declined
we're lucky to be partnered with
snapchat and brother which is one of the
channels on snapchat that helped us out
otherwise this channel would be would be
dead by now there's been dealing with
most of the the visa issues behind the
scenes dealing with our lawyers dealing
with our accountants and it's just been
like chaos to try to figure this out
it's been like the like probably the
worst experience of my life and I can't
even imagine for you guys like I'm
Swedish like it's very easy for me to
get visas to go into places these guys
have to do it every single time they
want to go anywhere or have you ever had
a visa declined no me neither and the
problem was having a visa to climb if
you're a brown man like shaven and I owe
clear that on every single application
that you file for any country that you
want to go to and just the fact when
they asked if you had a visa rejected
then you say yes and then they ask you
which country and that and then you say
the United States that's already like
you've lost so many points it's going to
complicate pretty much the rest of our
lives just because of that long
rejection bear in mind that we had all
everything that was required was because
we didn't mentioned like what actually
made the visas get rejected we had we
had a very sufficient very complete very
solid application for the three of us
we're going in pretty confident let's
just say the interview process was
extremely scrutinizing was like we were
not given chances to answer I don't know
how much I can save yeah a lot of people
said when we uploaded our
Donald Trump video that we wouldn't be
affected by these by his immigration
reforms well here we are yeah I don't
even know what to say and then in our
video last week one guy commented I'm
glad these guys are getting deported so
I was just like right now we are legal
in the u.s. we are legally she had
Lavigne status yet it's all departures
it's not good know we're legal as of
right now but we don't have a lot of
time and there's a lot of I don't know
how much you want to say about Egypt we
just have a lot of ambition and a lot of
goals that we want to accomplish
together and the only way that we can
actually get there is by being together
so we're just really hoping that at the
end of this we're not forced to sort of
part ways and and be living in just
different corners of the world all over
again oh that you're not going to
Egypt this is bigger than yes theory
this is about people not having to go
back to terrible chaos like I just hear
these stories about like parents have
been in the US for 25-30 years and they
are going through this process right now
to just try and be legal and then they
end up getting deported leaving all
their families so at the end of the day
to want to live in the u.s. in different
position where we're getting paid to
sort of do our dream job we realize how
spoiled that sounds but no I are
literally our livelihood at the end of
the day like what keeps us almost like
hopeful and happy is just feeling like
people actually care and feeling like
we're providing something valuable to
their lives beyond just entertainment
that makes us always feel like this is
all worth it don't throw all this crap
and the back behind the scenes and then
being able to go out and actually
obviously have fun together but even be
able to to produce something that
hopefully has you know a net positive
impact on the world is I think might
sound cheesy but it's motivating when
you have to deal with you know
we got each other
yeah at the end of the day we realized
very well that yes theory has since its
inception all like and through its
lifetime will always be about the
unlikely friendship of four friends from
four different countries and
at no point we're expecting this to be
easy but this is our story and we're
going to get to live it and we're going
to stick together no matter what whether
it's living here in the u.s. whether
it's living in Thomas's basement of
France or somewhere in Mexico you will
make it work and we'll stick together I
hope that wasn't too depressing for you
guys our hopes are up we're working on
Plan B's and Plan C so we are safe like
we will get over this it's mainly right
now the financial pressures of YouTube
not paying enough being in the
transitional period with our work with
snapchat and the ridiculous amount of
money that lawyers and accountants
require for that for that kind of thing
so thank you for sticking around thank
you for watching thank you for
supporting us in any way like messages
and everything just means so much
yeah we're just stoked to make this work
yeah big summer huge summer I had like
so many plans and so many travels and
and so many cool videos that we have in
mind and and we're just excited to have
you along hopefully with no deportation
in the middle of all right thank you so
much
[Music]